Recipe and documentation update for ERA5-Land. (#1906)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/input.rst

    datasets:
    - {dataset: ERA5, project: native6, type: reanaly, version: '1', tier: 3, start_year: 1990, end_year: 1990}

> Currently, the native6 project only supports ERA5 and ERA5-Land data in the format defined in the `config-developer file <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/blob/a9312a7d5be4fa3aac55c0b2ef089c6b4e1a61a9/esmvalcore/config-developer.yml#L191-L201>`_. The filenames correspond to the default filenames from `era5cli <https://era5cli.readthedocs.io>`_ To support other datasets as well, we need to make it possible to have a dataset specific DRS. This is still on the horizon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the native6 project only supports ERA5 and ERA5-Land data in the format defined in the `config-developer file <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/blob/a9312a7d5be4fa3aac55c0b2ef089c6b4e1a61a9/esmvalcore/config-developer.yml#L191-L201>`_. The ERA5 data can be downloaded using `era5cli <https://era5cli.readthedocs.io>`_. To support other datasets as well, we need to make it possible to have a dataset specific DRS. This is still on the horizon.
```
